Implementing order functions where missings is the smallest value (#144)
JuliaData/Missings.jl: README.md

- `Missings.replace` to wrap a collection in a (possibly indexable) iterator replacing `missing` with another value
- `Missings.fail` to wrap a collection in a (possibly indexable) iterator throwing an error if `missing` is encountered
- `skipmissings` to loop through a collection of iterators excluding indices where any iterators are `missing`

> - `missingsmallest(f)` to create a partial order function that behaves as `f` and making `missing` the smallest value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `missingsmallest(f)` to create a partial order function that treats `missing` as the smallest value and otherwise behaves like `f`
```

> - `missingsless` the standard `isless` function modified so that `missing` is less than any other element

Reviewer: To make the formulation more consistent with the previous one (which helps understanding the commonalities and differences):
```suggestion
- `missingsless` the standard `isless` function modified to treat `missing` as the smallest value rather than the largest one
```

> - `missingsmallest` the standard `isless` function modified to treat `missing` as the smallest value rather than the largest one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `missingsmallest`: the standard `isless` function modified to treat `missing` as the smallest value rather than the largest one
```
